So before we move on to API routes,
I want to talk about Typescript support so
do you want to use TypeScript?
And they say yes, they made it super easy
to do all you have to do is make a.ts.
config, or is it let's see us.com
was it Ts, Ts config dot JSON.
>> Jason.
Yeah, okay, I can't remember yeah,
there we go that's all
you got to do and then from there
if you just start this, oops.
Right here, you can see, hey, looks like
you're trying to use type script but
don't have a required package install.
So it just by adding that file,
It detected that I'm
trying to use Typescript.
And it's trying to like
automate some stuff for me, but
it needs me to install some packages.
So if I just installed it, it looks
like it even detected I was using yarn,
which is really impressive I think you're
using NPM I might say NPM here instead.
So I'm gonna just install that
because I do like Thai script
I prefer Thai script and then now if
I run, you're on Dev look at that.
So it says we detected
Typescript in your project and
created a Ts config JSON file for you.
Like wait, what you mean so
if I go look at this Ts config boom,
they just populated with
everything I need for
Typescript I don't have to
do anything like that to me.
It's pretty amazing because for
the longest one,
I was kinda like on the fence about tie
skirt, one of the biggest things for
me, it was always configuring this file.
Like, wait, how do I configure this thing,
and what's the difference between this
target and this live versus babbles target
and live versus WebEx target and live.
I don't understand so I always kind of
just avoided it and we'll just go copy and
paste someone else's and
not know I do understand it.
So it's not so intimidating but
still this is very nice and
it's insurance will work
very well with a next stuff.
Our change one of these to TSX I
guess you can see it's already
breaking because Typescript doesn't
know anything about this sx, right?
So, it's already working it's already
breaking so this will obviously fail
if I tried to run this let's see I guess
they just ignore those types of errors.
That's really cool there we go so
yeah, it still works with Typescript
out of the box really good to go so
pretty nice can't argue with that.
That's the easiest Typescript
setup I've ever seen [LAUGH] if I,
find me better one, I'll wait.
I'll wait for you let me know because
I haven't that's pretty legit in fact,
I don't know why everyone
doesn't do that like ridiculous.